
Darth Shadow Manufacturing

Supplying all the BHG's armor needs


Helmets


Leather Hood:

Basic leather cap. Offers minimal protection from bladed weapons, but is ineffective against blunt attacks.

Cost: 20,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 1


Kevlar Hood:

Same as above, but effective against most projectile weapons as well.

Cost: 50,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 1


Shell Spider Silk Hood:

This armor looks like a shimmering, almost translucent piece of fabric, but is blaster reflective, impervious to bladed as well as projectile
weapons. Easily concealed beneath standard clothing.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 0

Special Properties: Bonus +1 to Stealth (not cumulative)


Flight Helmet:

Standard flight helmet, common throughout the universe. Protects against most forms of attack, but is restrictive and cumbersome.  Available in
both open and closed face versions

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 2 / 2

Special Properties: -1 to Alertness


DSM Battle Helmet:

This is a closed face battle helmet offering unmatched protection to the head from all forms of attack. While restrictive, the modification
possibilities more than make up for the lack of visibility.

Cost: 200,000 ic's

Bays: 4 / 4

Special Properties: -1 to Alertness



Bracers and Gauntlets


Leather Bracers:

Moderate protection from bladed weapons, but offers no defense from blunt force, projectile, or energy weapons. Fashionable, but impractical in
the universe at large.

Cost: 50,000 ic's

Bays:  0 / 1


Krayt Dragon Scale Bracers:

Patterned after Darth Shadow's own bracers, these offer total protection from bladed weapons. The reflective nature of the scales give the
wearer protection from energy weapons as well as projectile weapons. The overlapping pattern of the scales allows for moderate protection from
blunt weapons as well.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 1


Plastoid Gauntlets / Bracers:

Modeled after Imperial Stormtrooper armor this bracer and gauntlet combo is designed for maximum protection against most forms of attack. While
the combo does restrict movement slightly, the open modification bays often overshadow the slight inconvenience.

Cost: 150,000 ic's

Bays: 3 / 4

Special Abilities: -1 Dexterity


DSM "Predator" Gauntlets:

Styled after a race of  unknown aliens Darth Shadow encountered in the Unknown Regions, this armor covers the hands and forearms up to the
elbow. Micro servos in the fingers allow for added grip strength and vibro tips in the fingers add nasty damage when used as a weapon. With the
modification bays available, these can be a hunter's best friend.

Cost: 300,000 ic's

Bays: 4 / 4

Special Abilities: -1 Dexterity, +1 Strength


Mandalorian Sun Guard Gauntlets:

Designed using a set of rare schematics found in the Cernun archives, These gauntlets offer the ultimate in protection while not restricting the
wearer's movements in any way. Highly adaptable, these gauntlets are prized by high tech hunters.

Cost: 500,000 ic's

Bays: 5 / 5



Suits


Leather Chestplate:

Offers protection against laded weapons, but little else. Covers the torso, shoulders, and mid-waist.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 2 / 2


Kevlar Body Armor:

Protects against most projectile weapons as well as fast moving bladed objects. Offers moderate protection against blunt force weapons. Can be
found in various styles and fashions.

Cost: 125,000 ic's

Bays: 2 / 2


Shell Spider Silk Shirt:

Thin, translucent material spun from the Shell Spiders of Adumar. Resistant to most forms of attack except blunt force, this armor looks like a
long sleeve shirt of thin material. Easily worn under regular clothing, this is the perfect armor for hunters undercover.

Cost: 250,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 0

Special Properties: +2 bonus to Stealth (not cumulative)


Merr-Sonn Riot Gear:

Padded chest plate, shoulder plates and hinged torso plates. Ablates most forms of attack. Can be linked with any closed face helmet to create a
self-contained envirosuit.

Cost: 300,000 ic's

Bays: 4 / 4

Special Properties: -1 to Dexterity


Plastoid Armor:

Basic Stormtrooper armor sans the helmet.

Cost: 400,000 ic's

Bays: 5 / 5

Special Properties: -2 to Dexterity



DSM Battle Armor:

Stylized Mandalorian iron covering offering protection to the torso, shoulders, thighs and mid waist. This armor comes in many fashions and
styles and can be customized upon order to the wearer's specifications. Highly adaptable, this is the pinnacle of personal protection, aside
from the Special Editions, that is.

Cost: 500,000 ic's

Bays: 6 / 6

Special Properties: -2 to Dexterity


Special Edition Suits


Mandalorian Sun Guard Armor:

The full suit drawn from the schematics found in the Cernun archives. This armor was the basis for the Imperial Royal Guard armor, fully
protecting the head, torso, shoulders, mid waist, forearms, thighs, knees, and shins from all methods of attack. The distinctive look of this
armor cannot be denied and adds an intimidating air about the hunter wearing the suit. Highly adaptable and self-contained, this SE is a rare
prize indeed.

Cost: 2,500,000 ic's

Number Available: 15

Bays: Helmet: 4 / 4

Torso: 6 / 7

Forearms: 4 / 4

Knees: 1 / 1

Special Properties: -1 Alertness, -2 Dexterity, +2 Intimidation

Restrictions: Rank of Master and above.


Cresh "Luck" Armor:

Modeled after the Creshalydine Scout Armor, the plans to this armor was purchased by DSM when Creshalydine Industries went bankrupt after the
fall of the Empire. Adding modifications to the armor design, DSM has now made the ultimate stealth armor, perfectly suited to hunters that wish
to remain cloaked in secrecy while on the job. Offering protection to the shoulders, torso, mid waist, thighs and shins from all forms of attack
but energy weapons, this armor has almost no movement restrictions or penalties.

Cost: 3,500,000 ic's

Number Available: 10

Bays: Torso: 3 / 3

Special Properties: +4 to Stealth

Restrictions: Rank of Baron and above

Added Modifications:

Cloaking Field

Body Glove







Modifications


Vision


Microbinoculars:

Allows the wearer to see up to 4000x magnification.

Cost: 10,00 ic's

Bays: 1 (E)


Optic Filter:

Allows wearer to see in any visible spectrum including: IR, UV, Motion, Low light.

Cost: 15,000 ic's

Bays: 0


Heads-up Display:

Allows all armor functions to be displayed as a hologram on the visor of any closed helmet. Includes Internal Compass, Range-Finder, and
Chronograph.

Cost: 20,000

Bays: 0


MicroCam:

Allows wearer to film digitally all angles and play the recorded events on the heads up display inside the helmet.  Utilizes microfiber
technology to spread thread-thin fiberoptics throughout the armor and helmet. Easily damaged, this item is a must for any Narcissusistic hunter.

Cost: 250,000 ic's

Bays: 1 (E), 1 (I)

Special Properties: +2 to Awareness.


Bio-Electric Field Viewer:

Allows wearer to see the bio-electric field produced by most living beings. This is crucial when hunting cloaked, or concealed beings.

Cost: 200,000 ic's

Bays: 1(E), 1 (I)


Survival Gear


Breather Mask:

Attaches to any helmet, offering 30 minutes of breathable air.

Cost: 50,000 ic's

Bays: 1 (E)

Restrictions: Must be placed on a helmet


Re-breather:

Attaches to any helmet, allowing the wearer to breathe any atmosphere. Special filters allow for oxygen to be drawn from any environment.

Cost: 50,000 ic's

Bays: 1 (E)

Restrictions: Must be placed on a helmet.


Bio Suit:

Skin tight body glove designed to protect the wearer from hostile and/or poisonous atmosphere. Micro sensors feed bio data to the helmet
readout, monitoring heart rhythm, body temperature, etc.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 1 (E), 1 (I)


Climbing Barbs:

Spikes of durasteel concealed within armor plates that when released dig into the surrounding environment, slowing descent. This design was
taken from the Mandalorian Armor feature.

Cost: 125,000 ic's

Bays: 2 (E), 2 (I)


Belts


Computer Belt:

This belt contains a small AI system. It needs to be linked to the armor functions and can monitor all armor modifications. It also can be asked
questions and respond. If not memory wiped periodically, it can develop a personality of it's own.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 0

Restriction: Must be placed on the Torso.


Cloaking Field:

This belt contains a small personal cloaking field able to fully render the wearer invisible for 10 standard minutes. This device makes the
wearer completely invisible to optical and sensory detection. This unit must recharge for 8 standard hours after use.

Cost: 2,000,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 0

Restriction: Must be placed on the Torso.

Special Properties: +4 to Stealth when active


Static Damper:

This device shrouds the bio electric field produced by the user. It also "cloaks" all audible sounds and body heat of the wearer. Can remain
active for 4 hours, then requires 6 hours to recharge.

Cost: 500,000 ic's

Bays: 0 / 0

Restriction: Must be placed on the Torso.

Special Properties: +2 to Stealth when active.


Storage Belt:

Simple leather belt containing multiple pouches.

Cost: 50,000 ic's

Bays: 2 / 2

Restriction: Must be placed on the Torso.

Special Properties: Adds External and Internal Bays for additional modifications.


Capture Gear Launchers


Lanyard Launcher:

This item shoots forth a high tensile strength cable with a magnetic hook end. This device has a 30 meter range and can snare most prey and hold
them tight.

Cost: 75,000 ic's

Bays: 1 (E)

Skill Requirement: Marksmanship 2

Load: 1 Cable


Net Launcher:

Similar to the Lanyard launcher, this device shoots forth an eight meter diameter net forward. Slightly larger then the lanyard launcher, this
item can be loaded with alternate types of nets, depending on the prey hunted.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 2 (E)

Skill Requirement: Marksmanship 1

Load: 2 nets


Capture Gear


Stun Cable:

Electronically charged cable that holds enough of a static charge to put down most hostile prey.

Cost: 15,000 ic's


Micro-line Cable:

This length of mono-molecular wire can slice easily through most solid substances. This item is mainly used for defense against powerful,
aggressive hostiles.

Cost: 20,000 ic's


Poison Cable:

This length of cable is coated with a fast acting neuro-toxin easily absorbed through the skin. This device is capable of stunning most prey up
to 250 kg in weight.

Cost: 20,000 ic's


Stun Net:

Same as Stun Cable, only in an eight meter diameter web.

Cost: 25,000 ic's


Micro-line Net:

Same as Micro-line cable, only in an eight meter diameter web.

Cost: 30,000 ic's


Poison Net:

Same as Poison Cable, only in an eight meter diameter web.

Cost: 45,000 ic's


Jet Packs


Merr-Sonn "Quick Hop":

This small jetpack is designed to deliver a 10 second burst of vertical flight, enabling the wearer a quick escape. This unit has 5 bursts
stored in its fuel cells.

Cost: 100,000 ic's

Bays: 3 (E)

Restrictions: Must be placed on the Torso.


SSL Jetpack

< insert SSL Jetpack description here >

Cost: 125,000 ic's

Bays: 3 (E)

Restrictions: Must be placed on the Torso.









































