1.) Luke Skywalker discovered this ship's rusting wreckage on Dathomir and later learned that under the command of Yoda and a number of other Jedi Masters, it had served as a mobile training academy for groups of Jedi apprentices.  What is the name of this ship...

2.) A customized Ubrikkian space yacht which he used for "personal buisness trips" from his palace to the distant city of Mos Eisley.  Name the former owner of this ship and give the ship's name.

3.) Lando acquired this ship from an Orthellin royal mistress.  Name this ship's name.

4.) This ship is a 250-meter-long capital combat starship that the Empire designed specifically to combat Rebel starfighters.  Name this ship.

5.) The ship here was the courier ship of the Jedi Knight Ulic Qel-Droma, his brother Cay, and Jedi Tott Doneeta.  This ship had retractable wings which could be extended for atmospheric flight but retracted for landing.  What is the name of this classic ship?

6.) These bombers are the newest generation of Imperial bombers and were ordered into production when Grand Admiral Thrawn returned to seize control of the Empire's remnants.  Name this Imperial Bomber.

7.) This unique escort vessel which protected ships traveling to the planet Nkllon in the Athega System.  These vessels are nevessary to block the searing rays of Athega's superhot star, which could destroy ships that carried only standard shielding.  Name this escort vessel.

8.) This bomber is considered to be the Empire's primary assualt bomber.
Name this bomber.

9.) What is the name for an Imperial robotic starfighter?  These were introduced at the Battle of Calamari.  Name this Imperial fighter.

10.) These were incredible planetary assault weapons that were used in Emperor Palpatine's campain to retake control in the galaxy.  This assualt weapon's mission was to devour a planet's surface.

Answers:

1.) Chu Unthor

2.) Ubrikkian Luxury Space Yacht or 
    Jabba the Hutt's Space Cruiser

3.) Lady Luck

4.) Lancer-Frigate

5.) Nebulon Ranger

6.) Scimitar Assualt Bomber

7.) Shield Ship

8.) Tie Bomber

9.) Tie/D fighter

10.) World Devastators
