Because death is a way of life, not just a hobby.
Because you can never have enough trainee death.
Whatever happened to the man in the trench coat, anyway?
How do you get blood stains out of the carpet?
Oxx, come back !
Thank you, come again.
KHAAAAAAAAAAN!!!
Sometimes, you just have to shoot first and ask questions later.
Bored now.
[tactician@spanky ~]$ kill -9 /rebel/scum
And now for something completely different...
I find your lack of pants disturbing.
For those times when you need more action than SPART! can give you.
This is the one place where hunting will never be outlawed.
Bork bork bork!
It's just like "The Dead Zone", only deader.
My Slice, it's full of gnomes!
When hunters attack...
They've gone to plaid!
Because the Catch-22 would be empty if not for missions.
Bite my shiny metal ass!
You make me sick, because I adore you so.
I love the smell of credits in the morning.
When I am Dark Prince you will be first against the wall.
It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Please check your weapons with the short-tempered Wookiee in the corner.
I'll take Trainee Death for 100 ICs, Alex.
Beware the dropbear.
Dammit Jim, I'm a Tactician, not a doctor!
Ack! The rumours of the Daystar are true!
Please leave a message after the beep.
*beep*
Give me sporks or give me death!
I've got an interossiter. I use it to kill trainees.
I, for one, welcome our new alien overlords.
I've never seen such confident, powerful strokes of the ass.
Kittens give Morbo gas.
Ni!
There is no spork.
In the event of an emergency, my ass can be used as a floatation device.
So, how do you feel about rampant pink?
These missions, they are tricksy.
What do you get when you multiply six by nine?
I know this ship like the back of my hand!
It makes about as much sense as a Japanese VCR instruction manual.
Broadcast on all frequencies and all known languages, including Welsh.
Never strike up a conversation with super-intelligent soup.
...'cause the eyes of the TACT are upon you...
This one goes to eleven.
These are not the pants you are looking for.
Billy Bob stole the chip.
The killer is on Dantooine.
Reticulating splines.
